# cs465-fullstack
cs-465 full stack development with MEAN
We began this venture utilizing the Express structure for a static HTML web application; JavaScript added usefulness to the web page. The Angular SPA moved the worker burden to the frontend. They all work together however have various jobs. Express fills in a portion of the usefulness holes of Node.js, helping with the worker set up and designing essential HTML documents. JavaScript is utilized for the programming interface and handles many of them in the background stray pieces like the regulators, courses, and models. The Angular SPA moves the workload as well as utilized it to actualize the activity behind the HTML. 

For this application, a NoSQL MongoDB was a proper decision since we do not need the social parts of a SQL data set. MongoDB stores records, not lines and sections. We assembled a diagram requiring the fields we needed similarly to require fields in a SQL data set. However, each case is somewhat more autonomous and somewhat more straightforward to work with than the situation in a social information base. 

JSON is JavaScript Serialized Object Notation; it is a JavaScript answer to record stockpiling. JSON depends on JavaScript protests yet can be utilized to move information between various programming dialects. There are no JSON capacities because it is a nonpartisan language and should be interpretable by different dialects. In our activities, we utilized JSON to pass information between all the pieces of the stack. MongoDB utilizes BSON, twofold JSON, Node.js, and Express to decipher the information and send it to Angular. 

We utilized Robo 3T, the terminal, and Postman to test the POST, GET and PUT techniques. When we initially attempted to add another excursion, we could find that a POST was sent in the terminal. However, we got a 404 not discovered blunder since we had not refreshed the back finish to get it. When we refreshed the back end, the POST appeared in the terminal, and we went into Robo 3T to see that the new excursion information was remembered for the MongoDB data set. When we call or post something from inside the site, we can see the GET and POST in the terminal. On the off chance that we need to test, especially POST, without really evolving anything, we can utilize Postman. On the off chance that I go into Postman with the front and back finishes both running and sending POST to localhost:300/programming interface/trips. I get a 400 Bad Request blunder since it is searching for trip information; it shows that correspondence occurs.
